Riley Lyn
5.0 out of 5 stars Just Wonderful. Absolutely Wonderful.
Reviewed in the United States on August 18, 2019
Verified Purchase
I am absolutely stunned by this author's ability to tell such a provoking story. While reading this
novel, I felt so deeply connected to the characters. So much so that I carry them with with me
now. I find myself thinking about these guys on a daily basis. I wonder how they are doing.
What they are thinking. How they are coping with the calamity they had to deal with during the
week I spent with them. Obviously, I know they are fiction. Except, they really aren't. The author
just has a really interesting take on the world and he sees every Human Being as someone with a
beautifully flawed but equally interesting story. I see the characters he created everywhere and I
love that. I cannot decide which book of his is my favorite. They are both so wonderful. I really
hope you love it as much as I did. Read on!

Amazon Customer
5.0 out of 5 stars Amazing book--great story
Reviewed in the United States on July 25, 2019
Verified Purchase
I so enjoyed this book--it kept me interested from the beginning to the very end. I can not wait
for the next book to come out because I will certainly be reading it. Kudos to William
Spreadbury on a book well written.

Tw
5.0 out of 5 stars Phenomenal; Best book I ever read!
Reviewed in the United States on July 22, 2019
Verified Purchase
This book is phenomenal, and the best book I have ever read! I highly recommend it, its
intriguing, its captivating, and I cannot wait to read your next book!

Geralyn M. Misiaveg
5.0 out of 5 stars Great Read
Reviewed in the United States on August 4, 2019
Verified Purchase
Wonderful Book! I hope he continues the story!!

B pete
5.0 out of 5 stars Very good reading. Couldn't wait to turn the page to see what happens next!
Reviewed in the United States on August 4, 2019
Verified Purchase
What an awesome adventure! Can't wait for the next book. And many more after that! This is the
absolute best book I've ever read and I read a lot!

Ann M. N.
5.0 out of 5 stars It is a very very good book!
Reviewed in the United States on September 30, 2019
Verified Purchase
I found it to be a very unique book.

Kindle Customer
5.0 out of 5 stars So many twists and turns!
Reviewed in the United States on August 1, 2019
Verified Purchase
Didn't want the book to end.
A real page turner!

Amazon Customer
5.0 out of 5 stars Fantastic book
Reviewed in the United States on September 4, 2019
Verified Purchase
I recommend this book to everyone

Brooke Schuler
5.0 out of 5 stars Great Book!. :-)
Reviewed in the United States on September 2, 2019
Verified Purchase
Such a great story! I read the book and passed it on, now my whole family is hooked! Can't wait
to hear more from Spreadbury.

SRH
5.0 out of 5 stars Phenomenal read. 5.0 out of 5 stars Phenomenal read.
Reviewed in the United States on July 14, 2019
Verified Purchase
A character depiction like you’ve never known. A story depicted by an author who’s mind is
remarkably intertwined with the content yet able to disconnect to the emotions which drive this
book. You want a good read? There is this and so much more. Welcome to William Christopher
Spreadbury’s world...

Amazon Customer
5.0 out of 5 stars A Tremendous Experience
Reviewed in the United States on July 21, 2019
Verified Purchase
This is one of the rare books that does not just tell a story, but springs an entire universe into
existence. Throughout the novel, the author introduces you to many characters and each one has
astonishing depth. Even in it's many digressions to introduce these characters and wide ranging
discussion, there is a not a single line that wastes the reader's time. Every sentence moves the
plot forward and kept me glued to the book for days.
I look forward to reading it again and again. The cover says it is part of the CF Fiction series...
The Name of the Book is on the way and I can't wait to read the rest.