VNB
5.0 out of 5 stars Beyond engaging Tales With Real Substance and Wisdom.
Reviewed in the United States on March 3, 2021
Verified Purchase
I came across this incredible writer and all I can say is THIS is how it’s done! Short stories are
certainly not everyone’s cup of words, but many people simply don’t realize how extremely
satisfying it is to read a complete story with vivid characters and an engaging plot, all done in a
distinctive and well delivered manner . Each story was unique and well written with few of the
stories’ ending with a twist I didn't see coming.
This is a truly inventive collection of William's short stories and although I enjoyed his other
novel too, “Calamitous Fortunes”, I’m hoping that he will publish another book soon. He has a
gifted imagination and this collection is definitely one of my favorites.

SRH
5.0 out of 5 stars Remarkable read. A must.
Reviewed in the United States on August 30, 2018
Verified Purchase
Fully enjoyed the development of each set of characters. I found in a macabre way I was able to
relate to them. This is not your ordinary book with ordinary circumstances. The twists are built
up in crescendo so that you are unable to leave the story...until that final reveal. And then you get
this rush of finality as the story comes to an end. A few of them I wanted to jump up and give a
standing ovation.

Bruce R. Pfaff
5.0 out of 5 stars Stories that take you on Adventures
Reviewed in the United States on September 16, 2018
Verified Purchase
Each of the stories takes the reader on very different journeys. The voice of the author is clear
and truthful; a pleasure to read. I can't wait for more....

Riley Lyn
5.0 out of 5 stars Stop Reading Reviews and Read This Book
Reviewed in the United States on September 28, 2018
Verified Purchase
I don't care who you are, what you like, or where you come from... You need to read this book. I
promise there is at least one story in this book that will speak to you. For me, it was all ten. Each
had a character I related to, a story that I both recognized and did not (in the utmost positive
way), and an idea that made me truly think. I wish I could express to you eloquently that you
must read this book, but I do not possess the writing skills for this. Mr. Spreadbury does though,
so go see for yourself.

P.P.
5.0 out of 5 stars A true page turner
Reviewed in the United States on August 6, 2018
Verified Purchase
William held us captive from beginning to end.
Such a unique writing form he masters.

Lyn Jor
5.0 out of 5 stars Great book!
Reviewed in the United States on October 6, 2018
Verified Purchase
Very good read. Enjoyed each story.
Writer knows how to keep you involved and intrigued for the next page, as well as the next story.
Looking forward to future reads.

Brooke Schuler
5.0 out of 5 stars Great Book!. :-)
Reviewed in the United States on October 24, 2018
Does an excellent job of making fictional characters feel like real people. As a fan of short
stories, I often find that pieces lack the emotional depth found here. Spreadbury truly has a gift
for describing the full spectrum of human feelings.
Michael S.
5.0 out of 5 stars Excellent read!!
Reviewed in the United States on September 5, 2018
Verified Purchase
Creative, suspenseful writing...the book was a terrific read. Recommended you check out this
author....book is fiction but touches on raw, human truths......wonderfully written..

Amazon Customer
5.0 out of 5 stars Exciting New Author
Reviewed in the United States on October 18, 2018
Verified Purchase
This collection of short stories was the best thing I've read in awhile. The stories are clever, the
writing is sharp, and their format is inventive. "The Name of the Book" starts with "Look What
Terry Made", a fantastic piece that sets expectations high for the following tales. They do not
disappoint. I highly recommend this collection and eagerly await the sequel, Calamitous
Fortunes, which is rumored to come out this Winter. Read on!

Karen M. Beeze
5.0 out of 5 stars A masterpiece
Reviewed in the United States on November 9, 2018
Verified Purchase
One of the most enjoyable books I've read in a long time. The author did an awesome job of
capturing real life situations in a manner that kept me engaged til the end. I will definitely read
more of his work if it becomes available.

Amazon Customer
5.0 out of 5 stars Buy this book. You will not regret it!
Reviewed in the United States on August 1, 2018
Verified Purchase
Love the stories. Love the writing. I heard this was a very unique and interesting story teller and
I was not disappointed!

Robert Flynn
5.0 out of 5 stars Amazing
Reviewed in the United States on August 10, 2018
Verified Purchase
Not trying to tell you how to live your life but you should buy this book!

Kindle Customer
5.0 out of 5 stars Great read
Reviewed in the United States on November 11, 2018
Verified Purchase
This is an excellent book by an up an coming author. It is a great read with twists and turns just
at the right times to keep readers on the edge of their seats. You will have a hard time putting it
down.

TT
5.0 out of 5 stars Highly recommend this book
Reviewed in the United States on January 5, 2019
Verified Purchase
A friend recommended this book, glad I read it. Interesting characters and great twists.

Kindle Customer
5.0 out of 5 stars Captures your attention.
Reviewed in the United States on October 18, 2018
Verified Purchase
An excellent read! Looking forward to his next book!

ray jarolimek
4.0 out of 5 stars Deep. Very Deep.
Reviewed in the United States on October 17, 2018
Verified Purchase
Some very interesting stories. Some are a little hard to follow but worth the effort.

Amy McMahon
5.0 out of 5 stars Re
Reviewed in the United States on July 2, 2019
Verified Purchase
Great book!

zhayer
5.0 out of 5 stars good read
Reviewed in the United States on April 5, 2019
Verified Purchase
It's the little things in life!

Julie M. Jordan
5.0 out of 5 stars one of a kind!
Reviewed in the United States on October 1, 2018
Thought provoking, and lots of suspense!
